Refactoring the "Units" section of the guide (#6879)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/tutorial/units.rst

To perform this conversion, sunpy provides `~sunpy.coordinates.utils.solar_angle_equivalency`, which requires specifying the location at which that angular distance was measured::

  >>> from sunpy.coordinates import get_earth
  >>> from sunpy.coordinates.utils import solar_angle_equivalency
  >>> length.to(u.arcsec, equivalencies=solar_angle_equivalency(get_earth("2013-10-28")))
  INFO: Apparent body location accounts for 495.82 seconds of light travel time [sunpy.coordinates.ephemeris]
  <Quantity 1.38763748e-05 arcsec>

Note that in the above example we made use of `sunpy.coordinates.get_earth`.
We will talk more about coordinates in the :ref:`sunpy-coordinates` section of this tutorial.
For now, it is just important to know that this function returns the location of the Earth on 2013 October 28.

Dropping Units
==============

Not every package in the scientific Python ecosystem understand units.
As such, it is sometimes necessary to drop the units before passing `~astropy.units.Quantity` to such functions.
As shown above, you can retrieve the just the numerical value of a `~astropy.units.Quantity`,::

  >>> length.value

>   10.0

Reviewer: I think we should encourage the use of `to_value()` here instead.

Units
*****

> In this section of the guide, you will learn about representing physical units in sunpy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section of the tutorial you will learn about representing physical units in sunpy.
```
I'm also not sure whether this should be directly addressing the reader or not, but that's out of scope of this PR...

Reviewer 2: Reading on I do like directly adressing the reader, perhaps worth converting the rest of our tutorial to that style?

Author: I'm in favor of that. Maybe Keep that style here in this PR and then we can create an issue to copy-edit the rest of the tutorial to be in that same style?

All functions in sunpy that accept or return numbers associated with physical quantities do so using `astropy.units.Quantity` objects.
These objects represent a number (or an array of numbers) and a unit.
This means sunpy is always explicit about the units associated with a value.
Quantities and units are powerful tools for keeping track of variables with a physical meaning and make it straightforward to convert the same physical quantity into different units.

By the end of this section of the tutorial, you will learn how to create a `~astropy.units.Quantity`, perform basic arithmetic with a `~astropy.units.Quantity`, convert a `~astropy.units.Quantity` to different units, and write a function that ensures the inputs have the correct units.

Adding Units to Data
====================

To use units we must first import them from Astropy.

> Note that it is standard practice to import the units module as ``u``::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's standard practice to import the units module as ``u``::
```

   >>> import astropy.units as u

We can create a `~astropy.units.Quantity` by multiplying a number by a unit::

   >>> length = 10 * u.meter
   >>> length
   <Quantity 10. m>

> A `~astropy.units.Quantity` can be decomposed into its unit and numerical value using the ``.unit`` and ``.value`` attributes, respectively::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `~astropy.units.Quantity` can be decomposed into its unit and numerical value using the ``.unit`` and ``.value`` attributes::
```

  >>> length.value
  10.0

  >>> length.unit
  Unit("m")

> Arithmetic Operations With Units
> ================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arithmetic With Units
=====================
```

`~astropy.units.Quantity` objects propagate units through arithmetic operations::

  >>> distance_start = 10 * u.mm
  >>> distance_end = 23 * u.km
  >>> displacement = distance_end - distance_start
  >>> displacement
  <Quantity 22.99999 km>

  >>> time = 15 * u.minute
  >>> speed = displacement / time
  >>> speed
  <Quantity 1.53333267 km / min>

However, operations with incompatible units raise an error::

  >>> displacement + time
  Traceback (most recent call last):
  ...
  astropy.units.core.UnitConversionError: Can only apply 'add' function to quantities with compatible dimensions

Converting Units
================

> These `~astropy.units.Quantity` objects can also be converted to other units or unit systems::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`~astropy.units.Quantity` objects can also be converted to other units or unit systems::
```

  >>> length.to(u.km)
  <Quantity 0.01 km>

  >>> length.cgs
  <Quantity 1000. cm>

Unit Equivalencies
==================

It is commonplace to convert between units which are only compatible under certain assumptions.
For example, in spectroscopy, spectral energy and wavelength are equivalent given the relation
:math:`E=hc/\lambda`.

> If we try to convert a wavelength to energy using what we learned in the previous section,
> we get an exception because length and energy are, in general, not compatible units,::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we try to convert a wavelength to energy using what we learned in the previous section, we get an exception because length and energy are, in general, not compatible units,::
```

  >>> length.to(u.keV)
  Traceback (most recent call last):
  ...
  astropy.units.core.UnitConversionError: 'm' (length) and 'keV' (energy/torque/work) are not convertible

However, we can perform this conversion using the `~astropy.units.equivalencies.spectral` equivalency,::

  >>> length.to(u.keV, equivalencies=u.spectral())
  <Quantity 1.23984198e-10 keV>

An equivalency common in solar physics is conversion of angular distances in the plane of the sky to physical distances on the Sun.

> To perform this conversion, sunpy provides `~sunpy.coordinates.utils.solar_angle_equivalency`, which requires specifying the location at which that angular distance was measured::

Reviewer 2: Nice, I really like introducing this here!

  >>> from sunpy.coordinates import get_earth
  >>> from sunpy.coordinates.utils import solar_angle_equivalency
  >>> length.to(u.arcsec, equivalencies=solar_angle_equivalency(get_earth("2013-10-28")))
  INFO: Apparent body location accounts for 495.82 seconds of light travel time [sunpy.coordinates.ephemeris]
  <Quantity 1.38763748e-05 arcsec>

Note that in the above example we made use of `sunpy.coordinates.get_earth`.
We will talk more about coordinates in the :ref:`sunpy-coordinates` section of this tutorial.
For now, it is just important to know that this function returns the location of the Earth on 2013 October 28.

Dropping Units
==============

> Not every package in the scientific Python ecosystem understand units.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not every package in the scientific Python ecosystem understands units.
```

As such, it is sometimes necessary to drop the units before passing `~astropy.units.Quantity` to such functions.
As shown above, you can retrieve the just the numerical value of a `~astropy.units.Quantity`,::

>   >>> length.to_value()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  >>> length.value
```
To be consistent with the top of the tutorial?

Author: I changed this to `to_value` at the suggestion of @Cadair. I think it is fine to show both? Maybe it would be better to show that it can be used to convert to different unit systems and get just the numerical value in one function call.

  10.0
  >>> length.to_value(u.km)
  0.01

Quantities as function arguments
================================

> When calling a function that relies on inputs corresponding to physical quantities, there is often an implicit
> assumption that these input arguments are expressed in the expected units of that function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When calling a function that relies on inputs corresponding to physical quantities, there is often an implicit assumption that these input arguments are expressed in the expected units of that function.
```

For instance, if we define a function to calculate speed as above, the inputs should correspond to a distance and a time::

  >>> def speed(length, time):
  ...     return length / time

> However, this assumes that the two arguments passed in have units consistent with distance and time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, this assumes that the two arguments passed in have units consistent with distance and time without checking.
```

The `~astropy.units.quantity_input` decorator, combined with `function annotations <https://python-3-for-scientists.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python3_features.html#function-annotations>`__, enforces compatible units on the function inputs::

  >>> @u.quantity_input
  ... def speed(length: u.m, time: u.s):
  ...     return length / time

> Now, when this function is called, if the inputs are not convertible to the units specified, an error will be raised stating that the units are incorrect or missing::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now when this function is called, if the inputs are not convertible to the units specified, an error will be raised stating that the units are incorrect or missing::
```
